README.md, before:

temporal-search
===============

This project is mildly related to [Proteus][proteus] and the [Million Books project][million-books]. It is mostly a set of tools on top of [Galago][galago].

usage
-----

    scripts/run.py task-name [task-specific arguments]

where task-name is one of the available:

 - `invoke-galago` gets you to the CLI of the [Galago][galago] application itself
   - `invoke-galago build` builds an index
   - `invoke-galago dump-index` dumps an index data to CSV
   - `invoke-galago args...` etc
 - `barrel-gen` and `barrel-cmp` builds and compares document lists (barrels) for duplication detection based on unpublished work by [zeki](http://cs.umass.edu/~zeki)
 - `term-plot-dates` plot dates runs a set of queries against a [Galago][galago] index and creates a csv containing the date information
 - `dates-build` takes a [Galago][galago] Index and caches date curves for each term
 - `dates-kmeans` takes a file made with dates-build and clusters all the terms present based on cosine similarity
 - `inspect` prints some basic information about a [Galago][galago] Index
 - `count-books`, `count-books-graph`, `count-books-stat` a task run on [swarm](http://cs.umass.edu/~swarm) to collect statistics about the books available as part of the [Million Books project][million-books]

[galago]: http://www.lemurproject.org/galago.php
[proteus]: https://github.com/CIIR/Proteus 
[million-books]: http://books.cs.umass.edu

Commit message:

update readme to be out of date

README.md, after:

temporal-search
===

This project is mildly related to [Proteus][proteus] and the [Million Books project][million-books]. It is mostly a set of tools on top of [Galago][galago].

requirements
---

maven, [Lemur Project's Galago][galago], python2, probably any unix-like OS.

usage
---

    scripts/run.py task-name [task-specific arguments]

where task-name is one of the available: (this readme will be perpetually out of date; see code)

 - `invoke-galago` gets you to the CLI of the [Galago][galago] application itself
   - `invoke-galago build` builds an index
   - `invoke-galago dump-index` dumps an index data to CSV
   - `invoke-galago args...` etc
 - `barrel-gen` and `barrel-cmp` builds and compares document lists (barrels) for duplication detection based on unpublished work by [zeki](http://cs.umass.edu/~zeki)
 - `similar-quantized` splits term behavior across time and groups by similar behavior within the "quantized" interval
 - `term-plot-dates` plot dates runs a set of queries against a [Galago][galago] index and creates a csv containing the date information
 - `dates-build` takes a [Galago][galago] Index and caches date curves for each term
 - `dates-kmeans` takes a file made with dates-build and clusters all the terms present based on cosine similarity
 - `inspect` prints some basic information about a [Galago][galago] Index
 - `count-books` a task run on [swarm](http://cs.umass.edu/~swarm) to collect statistics about the books available as part of the [Million Books project][million-books]

[galago]: http://www.lemurproject.org/galago.php
[proteus]: https://github.com/CIIR/Proteus 
[million-books]: http://books.cs.umass.edu
